MLOps Quickstart (#8462)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/quickstart_mlops.rst

Run the hyperparameter sweep, setting the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable to the URI of the MLflow tracking server:

.. code-block:: bash

  export MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=http://localhost:5000
  mlflow run -e hyperopt .

The `hyperopt` entry point defaults to 12 runs of 32 epochs apiece and should take a few minutes to finish.

Compare the results
-------------------

Open the MLflow UI in your browser at the `MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`. You should see a nested list of runs. In the default **Table view**, choose the **Columns** button and add the **Metrics | test_rmse** column and the **Parameters | lr** and **Parameters | momentum** column. To sort by RMSE ascending, click the **test_rmse** column header. The best run typically has an RMSE on the **test** dataset of ~0.70. You can see the parameters of the best run in the **Parameters** column.

.. image:: _static/images/quickstart_mlops/mlflow_ui_table_view.png
    :width: 800px
    :align: center
    :alt: Screenshot of MLflow tracking UI table view showing runs

> Choose **Chart view**. Choose the **Parallel coordinates** graph and configure it to show the **lr** and **momentum** coordinates and the **test_rmse** metric. Each line in this graph represents a run and associates the parameters and resulting error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose **Chart view**. Choose the **Parallel coordinates** graph and configure it to show the **lr** and **momentum** coordinates and the **test_rmse** metric. Each line in this graph represents a run and associates each hyperparameter evaluation run's parameters to the evaluated error metric. 
```

    :width: 800px
    :align: center
    :alt: Screenshot of MLflow tracking UI models page showing the registered model

Serve the model locally
----------------------------

MLflow allows you to easily serve models produced by any run or model version. You can serve the model you just registered by running:

.. code-block:: bash

  mlflow models serve -m "models:/wine-quality/Staging" --port 5002

(Note that specifying the port as above may be necessary if you are running the tracking server on the same machine at the default port of **5000**.)

You could also have used a `runs:/<run_id>` URI to serve a model, or any supported URI described in :ref:artifact_stores:.

To test the model, you can send a request to the REST API using the ``curl`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

  curl -d '{"dataframe_split": {"columns": ["fixed acidity","volatile acidity","citric acid","residual sugar","chlorides","free sulfur dioxide","total sulfur dioxide","density","pH","sulphates","alcohol"], "data": [[7,0.27,0.36,20.7,0.045,45,170,1.001,3,0.45,8.8]]}}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST localhost:5002/invocations

> 

Reviewer: Can a small mention be made here about the `signature` that was defined within the example during the logging Callback's exit and how the input JSON `data` payload must match the input signature schema? 
The concept of signatures has historically been purely optional and only really used for model serving, but it is increasingly going to be a mandatory element to log. 
It will be important to mention this here as a friendly reminder to users that we're doing schema validation and that if the field names and data types don't match, we'll throw.

Author: Done in 61b31041

Inferencing is done with a JSON `POST` request to the **invocations** path on **localhost** at the specified port. The columns specify the names of the columns in the input data. The data is a list of lists, where each inner list is a row of data. For brevity, the above only requests one prediction of wine quality (on a scale of 3-8). The response is a JSON object with a **predictions** key that contains a list of predictions, one for each row of data. In this case, the response is:

.. code-block:: bash

  {"predictions": [{"0": 5.310967445373535}]}%

Build a container image for your model
---------------------------------------

Most routes toward deployment will use a container to package your model, its dependencies, and much of the runtime environment. You can use MLflow to build a Docker image for your model.

.. code-block:: bash

  mlflow models build-docker --model-uri "models:/quickstart-colorful-colt/1" --name "qs_mlops"

This command builds a Docker image named ``qs_mlops`` that contains your model and its dependencies. It will take several minutes to build the image. Once it completes, you can run the image locally with:

> 

Reviewer: We could also mention that this container can be deployed to any bespoke cloud VM, on-prem, ( or, as mentioned here, locally for testing) to provide real-time inference capabilities.

.. code-block:: bash

  docker run -p 5002:8080 qs_mlops

You can run the same ``curl`` command as before to test the image:

.. code-block:: bash

  curl -d '{"dataframe_split": {"columns": ["fixed acidity","volatile acidity","citric acid","residual sugar","chlorides","free sulfur dioxide","total sulfur dioxide","density","pH","sulphates","alcohol"], "data": [[7,0.27,0.36,20.7,0.045,45,170,1.001,3,0.45,8.8]]}}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST localhost:5002/invocations

Deploying to a cloud platform
-----------------------------

Virtually all cloud platforms allow you to deploy a Docker image. Details vary considerably, so you will have to consult your cloud provider's documentation for details.

In addition, some cloud providers have built-in support for MLflow:

> - Azure ML

Reviewer: Can we make these links to their landing pages for their toolkit integrations (I don't think we need to link to the potentially highly variable location of a user guide for deployment, but just a "hey it's probably over here" sort of link)

Author: Done in 61b31041

.. _quickstart-mlops:

Quickstart: Compare runs, choose a model, and deploy it to a REST API
======================================================================

In this quickstart, you will:

- Run a hyperparameter sweep on a training script
- Compare the results of the runs in the MLflow UI
- Choose the best run and register it as a model
- Deploy the model to a REST API
- Build a container image suitable for deployment to a cloud platform

As an ML Engineer or MLOps professional, you can use MLflow to compare, share, and deploy the best models produced by the team. In this quickstart, you will use the MLflow Tracking UI to compare the results of a hyperparameter sweep, choose the best run, and register it as a model. Then, you will deploy the model to a REST API. Finally, you will create a Docker container image suitable for deployment to a cloud platform.

.. image:: _static/images/quickstart/quickstart_tracking_overview.png
    :width: 800px
    :align: center
    :alt: Diagram showing Data Science and MLOps workflow with MLflow

Set up
------

> - Install MLflow. See the `MLflow Data Scientist quickstart <quickstart>`_ for instructions

Reviewer: This link didn't work for me.

Author: Yoiks. OK, this is the wrong pattern. I searched for it and saw that I'd repeated the mistake in *what-is-mlflow* too. Fixed both this and that in 5dce44aaf.
